
= Heading 1 =

This is a line.
This is still part of the same paragraph.

This is a paragraph.<p>This is a continuation of the paragraph. But it appears after an empty line due to the &lt;p> and &lt;/p> tags.</p>

This is a line.<div>This is another line appearing as a second new paragraph instead of a third paragraph due to the &lt;div> and &lt;/div> tags.</div>

== Unordered lists == 

* Start a line with asterisks (<code>*</code>) to create the first item in an unordered list.
** Use two asterisks for a sub-item.
*** Increase the number of asterisks for deeper levels.
* Each line break signifies a new item in the list.
A line starting without a star marks the end of the list.
* You can start over with a new list

Now you are ready to create well-structured unordered lists.

== Ordered lists ==

# Use a hashtag (<code>#</code>) at the beginning of each line to signify the order.
## Use two hashtags (<code>##</code>) for a sub-item.
## Continue numbering to maintain the sequence and logical flow of information.
# Add a new line between each item for improved readability.
A line starting without a hashtag marks the end of the list.
# An ordered list starts with 1.
# Then 2, etc

== Definition Lists ==

; Wiki
: A wiki (/ˈwɪki/ ⓘ WI-kee) is a form of online hypertext publication that is collaboratively edited and managed by its own audience directly through a web browser. See [[w:Wiki]].
; Web Browser
: A web browser is an application for accessing websites. See [[w:Web browser]]


: An indented line.
A new line starts a new non-indented paragraph.


<blockquote>
This is a blockquote. It is used to highlight quoted text or separate specific content.
</blockquote>


Text above dividing line
----
Text below dividing line

''[[MediaWiki]]''

== Links ==

This interwiki link points to [[w:Documentation]] on Wikipedia.

Its Esperanto word equivalent is [[:eo:Dokumentaro]].

[[Help:Special pages#Editing Special namespace pages|Help:Special pages]]

* [[Help:Link|About links]]
* Parentheses: [[kingdom (biology)|]].
* Colon: [[Help:Pipe|]].


#REDIRECT [[United States of America]]

[[media:Test.ogg|Audio]]

[[:Category:Documentation]]

[[Special:Whatlinkshere/Help:Editing]]

<nowiki>
The nowiki tag prevents 
[[Wiki]] ''markup'' from rendering.
It adjusts text by
eliminating
newlines and multiple
spaces.
It still processes special
characters: &rarr;
</nowiki>


<pre>
The pre tag bypasses [[Wiki]]
 ''markup''.
It also maintains     text
 format.
It still recognizes special
characters: &rarr;
</pre>


